Decentralized Swap Exchange is a Finance project created to launch Farm infrastructures, DApp programs. It aims to be one of the leading DEFi projects thanks to its new generation features. Users can borrow for peer-to-peer farms or take out a Snack Finance loan. It provides high profit returns for high leverage farms.
Being an enabler for the entire DeFi ecosystem, Snack Finance enhances capital efficiency by strengthening the liquidity layer of integrated exchanges, connecting LP borrowers and lenders.
We are a fair launch project with no pre-sales, no capital and no pre-mining. So from the very beginning it has been a product built by people for themselves full time.

What is Yield Farming?
Yield farming is an innovative DeFi concept where users stake or lend crypto assets to earn returns.

What is Leveraged Yield Farming? 
Leverage is the result of using borrowed capital to expand your asset base and potential returns on that asset base. In other words, you borrow money so you can invest more and earn more as a result.
In the context of yield farming, leverage involves borrowing assets to increase your yield farming position, resulting in more yields. This is an overall profit maximizing strategy.

Snack Finance
Spring DeFi, yield farming on ethereum pioneered by Compound has become a common method for projects to load their liquidity and gain new users. However, lately the rising costs of the process have become more and more prohibitive for the majority of people. In fact, Ethereum has become a whale game because gas fees are so high!
As a result, Binance Smart Chain (BNB Chain) has experienced an exponential explosion in popularity, and in this emerging ecosystem, we have noticed a gap between the applications offered on BNB Chain compared to other chains like Ethereum. To be clear, one of the biggest missing pieces was an on-chain leverage protocol!
Thus was born Snack Finance, which seeks to deliver value to the BNB Chain community through leveraged yield farming.
